# JournalWebsite
# Simple journal website being made in progress.
I want to learn all the thing to make my own website and learn the process needed to do this project. I wanted to learn about how to publish a website, leanr how to use reactjs, how to use git functionally, how to incorporate html,vcss, and javascript to make a website, adn eventually learn how to do a proper backend for the website. The next step for this project would be to learn how t adapt this to a mobile app.
To do this, I was going to work on this project everyday and show progress of my wokr through github. I decided to use Deepseek in order to learn each of the goals described above using it. However, I decided to place some rules with using the AI. I would only use the AI to guide me through the process and to give me tips when I feel stuck. I would not have it generate any code for me. This I woild be able ot learn and adapt on the fly for understanding how to solve problems while pursuing teh goals for this project.
# Day 1:
I first started coding and started with a simple html layout. I started to then look at how I wanted the design to be. I wanted the website to act like a real journal. So I decided to design the website so that it would look like that. I used divs to organize and divide each of the sectiosn required to showcase this look. Such as the front cover, spine, pages, and the back cover. I then created the css file for this. I then asked deepseek for some options to use for designing the journal look for the divs. I then incorporated these. I also made a simple design wireframe and can be found in the images folder. The wireframe will need more additions, however, I wanted to make somehting simple for now. I also made a cover image that i found online that was free and edited for my use. This img file is called cover.png and the original file is cover.jpg, found in the images folder.
# Day 2:
I first decided to organize the project by setting up a 'project' in github and add in some user stories. I decided to work today on being able to turn the book so that you can view the pages and the back cover. I was able to update the html, css, and create multiple functions for the javascript in order to create the ability for teh user to see not only the page number but also be able to use eithe rteh keyboard or the spine to either go to a previous page or the next page. I have came to one issue that I have not been able to solve. This problem being that I cant go back to the front cover once you decide to open the book. I will work on fixing this tommorrow as well as woring on allowing the user to actually input text into the pages.
# Day 3:
I fixed the front cover issue and you can now go back to the front cover by pressing esc. I started working on input text on pages. I decided to use local storage and work with using a json file for the design/framework of what I want the page to look. I then started developing page.js which holds the for all the functions to write, save, delete, overwrite any of the information that users will want to input in the journal. I still need to work on connecting the DOM of my html and the javascript together and finally see if it works. I will be doing that tommorow. For this work I made a branch under 6-... i forgot the name cause its long, but ut starts with 6. But, tommorrow will be the day I finish what seems like 4 user stories as I will all connect together to allow the user to input text on the front cover and in the pages.
# Day 4-6:
I have decided to abandon the use of deepseek and AI to help guide me. As it only caused me issues instead of actually helping me. I wil only use it to help with understanging some concepts and understanding some code things. I have change dmy html and css to adapt to my idea of generating pages thorugh the use of a button. I have alos made it so now the content when viewed will show places you can input text and button for saving, editing, and deleting. The code for them doe snot work right now do to issues with json file and the my javascript code not assigning the text input and putting into the variables I have named due ot the json fie code. I am thinking I might need to due node.js and have adapt server-side wise. I alos need to fix the save and edit button from overlapping. I alos need to figure out the main issue which is that right now I have currentPage and total pages set up to be integers 1 and 20. However, I need it to parse the content in the json file and get the index value and assign itself accordingly. However, the code I try is not working for it so I need to solve this problem. It took me like two days to fix teh code up so it work properly since the deepseek Ai advice crippled me in the end now and I had to go back and fix and delete alot fo the useless code it suggested I try and make.
# day 7-9
I took a few days break to work on other projects. However, I was able to fix the errors that were stoping the pages from loading. Through this I was able to make the code work and now you can edit, save, delete, and add pages. The pages will take text input and will save it with local storage. I have tested this and it worked perfectly. The biggest issue is that In doing so I somehow cause the the page turning functionality to not work and the pages are all being added to the same page not different pages. So I need to figure out how to fix that. Then The project is mainly done. After that I can work on making the title of the journal cover editable.
